>> Mike North: Eighth exercise here,
we're gonna add subresource integrity
attributes to the script and
styles that we're bringing in for
our material design library.
Now these are not ones that
are hosted on some CDN somewhere.
We're hosting them locally, but
it's good because if we were to deploy
our assets onto a CDN for example,
it's possible that someone might
tamper with those things, right?
It has happened before.
So it's good to add these
integrity attributes to
any external style sheet or
script that we're bringing in to our app.
And you should be able to see that
if you go in and modify those files,
because they're hosted locally,
we can tweak them.
We can add a new line or something.
And you should see that
the browser basically rejects,
>> Mike North: It does not agree to
handle them and throws an error instead.
So for ten minutes add
subresource integrity headers.
And that'll be done in your main layout
view in the server views folder.